docs/Schema.md, before:

# Database Schema

### Mail table

- `user_id` (integer): Slow Mail user ID
- `orig_date` (unsigned int): Date time received in mail header, in Unix seconds
- `date` (unsigned int): Date of delivery, rounded to midnight and given in Unix seconds
- `from_head` (text): Combined content of from, sender, and reply-to mail headers
- `from_name` (varchar(40)): Display name of primary sender
- `from_addr` (varchar(255)): Email of primary sender
- `to_head` (text): Combined content of to and cc mail headers
- `message_id` (text): Message ID from mail header
- `in_reply_to` (text): Content of in-reply-to header, with message IDs of parent message(s)
- `subject` (text): Content of subject header
- `content` (text): Mail body
- `multifrom` (tinyint): Boolean flag for more than one from address
- `multito` (tinyint): Boolean flag for more than one to address

### User table

- `user_id` (integer primary key): Slow Mail user ID
- `username` (varchar(40)): Email username
- `password` (binary(64)): Hash of password
- `display_name` (varchar(40)): Display name
- `recovery_addr` (varchar(255)): Recovery email (optional)

Commit message:

Update duplicate user error handling and schema
- Add missing SQL driver dependency
- Update schema: add constraints for nonempty and unique fields, and describe validation responsibilities
- Change serverError type to dbError to be more specific, and simplify dbError because there are very few input errors that the server is responsible for enforcing (see `schema.md`)
- Simplify duplicate user handling. If a duplicate user is entered, SQL driver will report an error on the insert query, circumventing the need for a separate select query to check user existence.

docs/Schema.md, after:

# Database Schema

### Tables

##### Table `mail`

- `user_id` (integer not null): Slow Mail user ID
- `orig_date` (unsigned int not null): Date time received in mail header, in Unix seconds
- `date` (unsigned int not null): Date of delivery, rounded to midnight and given in Unix seconds
- `from_head` (text not null): Combined content of from, sender, and reply-to mail headers
- `from_name` (varchar(40)): Display name of primary sender
- `from_addr` (varchar(255) not null): Email of primary sender
- `to_head` (text): Combined content of to and cc mail headers
- `message_id` (text unique not null): Message ID from mail header
- `in_reply_to` (text): Content of in-reply-to header, with message IDs of parent message(s)
- `subject` (text): Content of subject header
- `content` (text): Mail body
- `multifrom` (tinyint not null): Boolean flag for more than one from address
- `multito` (tinyint not null): Boolean flag for more than one to address

##### Table `users`

- `user_id` (integer primary key): Slow Mail user ID
- `username` (varchar(40) unique not null): Email username
- `password` (binary(64) not null): Hash of password. The hash of empty data is also considered invalid.
- `display_name` (varchar(40) not null): Display name
- `recovery_addr` (varchar(255)): Recovery email (optional)

### Data validation

The following data constraints are the responsibility of the client to enforce (implemented using HTML attributes, or when necessary, client-side JavaSript). If invalid data reaches the database driver, this is considered an application bug, not a user error.

- Data types (valid strings and numeric values)
- Minimums and maximums for string lengths and numeric values
- String patterns (e.g., a valid email, a strong password)

The following data constraints are the responsibility of the server to enforce, and when necessary, to handle gracefully by prompting the user for a different value:

- Unique fields (in particular, usernames)
